<pre>
  DEF: 2
  Title: Replica
  Author: @DemocracyEarth.
  Comments-Summary: No comments yet.
  Status: Active
  Type: Paper
  Created: 2020-01-08
  License: MIT
  Replaces: 0
</pre>

=The Social Smart Contract.=
An Initial Rights Offering from [http://democracy.earth Democracy Earth Foundation].

==i. Abstract.==

In a world that has succeeded in the globalization of financial assets while keeping political rights enclosed to territories, we need to build new models of democratic governance that enable humanity to collaborate and address pressing global issues. Democracy Earth Foundation is building free, open source software for incorruptible blockchain-based decision-making (voting) within institutions of all sizes, from the most local involving two people to the most global involving all of us. Uneven distribution of opportunity around the globe due to the perpetual confrontation between national governments has led to accelerated climate change, rising inequality, terrorism and forced migrations.  Democracy Earth Foundation considers that the technology stack that includes Bitcoin as programmable money without Central Banks, and Ethereum enabling smart contracts without the need of Judiciary Courts, requires a new layer that signals incorruptible votes beyond the territorial boundaries of Nation-States. This transnational network will act in accordance with the personal sovereignty of its members and protect their human rights with encryption. In our Initial Rights Offering we offer a token called ''vote'' that will grant participation rights to every human with decision-making as its main function. Our proposal introduces cryptographically induced equality: as long as any person is able to validate his or her self-sovereign identity, they will receive a corresponding share of ''votes'' that is equal to the share of every active participant in the network. We define a ''Proof of Identity'' process that avoids central authority by introducing the concept of ''attention mining'' which incentivizes participants to strengthen the trust of ''votes'' by performing simple tests aimed at detecting replicants. Finally ''votes'' get dripped to valid participants under a ''Universal Basic Income'' mechanism with a goal of finding a proper equilibrium in the historical tension between money and politics. We seek nothing less than true democratic governance for the Internet age, one of the foundational building blocks of an achievable global peace and prosperity arising from an arc of technological innovations that will change what it means to be human on Earth.

==ii. Contents.==

This text is structured in three parts, each aiming to satisfy a different readership target (and all of whom may reside within the same persona.)

* [[#Manifesto|Manifesto]]: For idealists. Diagnoses global political context and argues for a paradigm change.

* [[#Paper|Paper]]: For builders. Describes the building blocks for a system that can be implemented by anyone, anywhere.

* [[#Execution|Execution]]: For pragmatists. Specifies how to execute these ideas for impact.

We do not intend this text to remain fixed. It is published under an open source license and we welcome contributions from anyone, as our goal is for this document to be a living roadmap for planetary governance. Democracy as the ability to trust each other to the greatest possible extent is a defining force shaping the trajectory of history. Our mission echoes urgently across the globe, encompassing all of humanity: the need to make our shared home a place of peaceful coexistence. The [http://democracy.earth Democracy Earth Foundation] has performed [[#Background|extensive research]] on voting systems, cyberpolitics and blockchain networks; we stand at the forefront of a public conversation regarding the internet as a planetary jurisdiction.

Following [https://twitter.com/lsukernik/status/892101885771034628 the example of Satoshi Nakamoto], prior to sharing our ideas in written form we have undertaken to write code first, in order to properly understand what can be done. To this end, more than [https://github.com/DemocracyEarth/sovereign 30,000 lines of code have been written since October 2015], which in turn has driven our research, use cases, and the ideas presented herein. This is our proposal.

<div id="Background"></div>

==iii. Background.==

